# Quotex Promo Code: 30%, 50%, & 100% Bonus, OCTOBER 2024

Good news for Quotex traders registered on our blog! Our website, Joon
Online, and Qx broker, Quotex, have agreed to give you a 50% bonus for
any deposit you make today.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/4_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

You can take advantage of this promo by using our Quotex promo code when
making deposits to your trading account. These promo codes expire on
August 16, 2025, and are limited to only 300 clients.

## Active Quotex promotion codes for August:

  Promo code Features                        Bonus code name
  ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------
  Get a 50% bonus for deposits above \$150   Use promo code: KennOmollo
  Get a 50% bonus for any deposit            Use promo code: JOON
  Get a 100% bonus on any deposit            Use promo code: JOON50

## What is a Bonus Code or Promo Code in Quotex?

A bonus code, also known as a promo code in Quotex is a special word,
character, or a mix of letters, numbers, and characters that you can use
in the promo area in a Quotex deposit process to get extra money for
FREE.

If you have access to any promo code, you must use them to: -- Increase
your trading capital Get free extra cash for trading money

Plus, Quotex promo codes and bonuses are not limited to a maximum of 50%
extra cash; you can sometimes get bonuses as high as 100%.

Keep checking this section of our blog to find out if there is a new
bonus for next month.

## How to use Quotex promo codes step-by-step

### Step 1: Register to activate the promo code.

One thing that you will notice if you try to use my promo code on your
existing account is, it is not available.

This means that my promo code is only available to new Quotex users.

To solve this issue, just click on any of the registration buttons on
this blog post to register.

### Step 2: Login and deposit

Once you have registered your new account in Quotex, you will be
prompted to log in. Do that, and then click on the deposit button in the
top-right corner of the trading platform.

Next, choose your preferred deposit method, enter the amount you wish to
deposit, and then toggle the promo code button to enter the promo code
as shown in the image below.

The promo code "KennOmollo" will help you get \$50 extra for a \$100
deposit.

\![Quotex Deposit Bonus
Joon\](https://i0.wp.com/joon.co.ke/wp-content/uploads/1-5-e1655116554372.png?resize=1120%2C630&ssl=1)

### Other bonuses to take advantage of in Quotex

#### 1). Risk-free trades:

 this is a special kind of bonus offered to active traders to use in
their daily trading. As the name suggests, Quotex risk-free trades are
trades that remove all the risks from trading.

For example, a trader who activates risk-free trades when trading gets
back all his money equal to the risk-free trade amount when they lose a
trade.

Real-life scenario: if you have a risk-free bonus of, say, \$3 and you
open a losing trade, Quotex will give you back all your money (\$3) from
that trade.

#### 2). Cashback:

This kind of bonus is more or less the same as the risk-free trades
bonus but with a twist. Unlike risk-free trades that give you back all
your lost money, cashback allows you to only receive a percentage of
your trading volume back.

#### 3). Cancel X points:

 This is a tool used on Quotex to cancel a losing trade. If you use this
tool you will salvage your money if your trade is losing.

#### 4). Percentage of turnover:

This promo bonus allows you to get a percentage of your trading volume
back when you trade.

## Conclusion

Once you have registered an account in Quotex and activated the promo
code, use this link to \[join my telegram
channel\](https://t.me/joononline) for free signals.

